Update CHANGELOG 1.8.5 (#12154)
hashicorp/packer: CHANGELOG.md

     for a plugin, if the most recent version is not available or has a missing
     checksum file. This should prevent Packer from trying to install versions
     that have a GitHub tag but no actual assets.
     [GH-12103](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12103)
* cmd/plugins: The `plugins install` sub-command will try to fallback to the
     next available version for a plugin, if the most recent version is not
     available or has a missing checksum file. This should prevent Packer from
     trying to install versions that have a GitHub tag but no actual assets.
     [GH-12103](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12103)
* core: Bump Go version to 1.18.9 to address vulnerability GO-2022-1144, which
     concerns the net/http and golang.org/x/net
     packages.[GH-12153](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12153)
* core: Fix the registration of deleted input artifacts in HCP Packer when
     setting `keep_input_artifacts` to
     false.[GH-11462](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/11967)
* core: Using different template types when building a HCP Packer
     image iteration will now trigger a runtime build error due to the 
     mixing of template types.

>      [GH-1232](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     [GH-12132](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)
```

## 1.8.5 (Upcoming)

### NOTES:
* data/packer-image-iteration has been removed. This was an undocumented and
     unusable data source that was built for experimentation but not released. It
     should not affect users in any way but is being mentioned for visibility

>      purposes,  as changes within this release.

Reviewer: I think we can drop the `,  as changes within this release.`

>      purposes,  as changes within this release.

Author: ```suggestion
     purposes.
```

>      purposes,  as changes within this release.

Author: ```suggestion
     purposes.
```

     [GH-12111](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12111)

### FEATURES:
* core: Metadata for capturing template types such as JSON or HCL2 has been added to the
     HCP Packer registry metadata. Upon running a `packer build` the type of
     template used during execution will be sent along to the registry as

>      additional build metadata.[GH-1232](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     additional build metadata.[GH-12132](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)
```

### PLUGINS:
The following external plugins have been updated and pinned to address open
    issues. Please see their respective changelogs for details on plugin
    specific bug fixes and improvements.

* alicloud@v1.0.5 - [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-alicloud/releases/tag/v1.0.5)
* amazon@v1.1.6 - [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-amazon/releases/tag/v1.1.6)
* proxmox@v1.1.0 - [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-proxmox/releases/tag/v1.1.0)
* vsphere@v1.0.7 - [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-vsphere/releases/tag/v1.0.7)
* qemu@v1.0.8 - [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-qemu/releases/tag/v1.0.8)

### IMPROVEMENTS:
* cmd/hcl2_upgrade: Generate variable block for all referenced user input
     variables. [GH-12136](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12136)
* cmd/validate: Add support for the `-evaluate-datasources` flag to evaluate
     the data sources from a template during validation time.
     [GH-12106](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12106)

>      [GH-12106](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12106)

Reviewer: This link is duplicated

Author: Good catch!

>      [GH-12106](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12106)

Author: ```suggestion
```

>      [GH-12106](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12106)

Author: ```suggestion
```

     module. [GH-11462](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/11967)
     [GH-12116](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12116)

### BUG FIXES:
* cmd/init: The init command will try to fallback to the next available version
     for a plugin, if the most recent version is not available or has a missing
     checksum file. This should prevent Packer from trying to install versions
     that have a GitHub tag but no actual assets.
     [GH-12103](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12103)
* cmd/plugins: The `plugins install` sub-command will try to fallback to the
     next available version for a plugin, if the most recent version is not
     available or has a missing checksum file. This should prevent Packer from
     trying to install versions that have a GitHub tag but no actual assets.
     [GH-12103](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12103)
* core: Bump Go version to 1.18.9 to address vulnerability GO-2022-1144, which
     concerns the net/http and golang.org/x/net
     packages.[GH-12153](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12153)
* core: Fix the registration of deleted input artifacts in HCP Packer when
     setting `keep_input_artifacts` to

>      false.[GH-11462](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/11967)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     false.[GH-11967](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/11967)
```

Author: Ah thanks!!!!

## 1.8.5 (Upcoming)

### NOTES:
* data/packer-image-iteration has been removed. This was an undocumented and

>      unusable data source that was built for experimentation but not release. It

Author: ```suggestion
     unusable data source that was built for experimentation but not released. It
```

>      should not affect users in any way but is being mentioned for visibility
>      into the changes within this release.

Author: ```suggestion
     should not affect users in any way but is being mentioned for visibility
     purposes,  as changes within this release.
```

     [GH-12111](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12111)

### FEATURES:

> * core: Metadata for template types such as JSON or HCL2 has been added to the

Author: ```suggestion
* core: Metadata for  capturing template types such as JSON or HCL2 has been added to the
```

>      HCP Packer registry metadata. Upon running a `packer build` type of

Author: ```suggestion
     HCP Packer registry metadata. Upon running a `packer build` the type of
```

     template used during execution will be sent along to the registry as

>      additional build
>      metadata.[GH-1232](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)

Author: ```suggestion
     additional build metadata.[GH-1232](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)
```

* qemu@v1.0.8 - [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer-plugin-qemu/releases/tag/v1.0.8)

### IMPROVEMENTS:
* cmd/hcl2_upgrade: Generate variable block for all referenced user input
     variables. [GH-12136](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12136)
* cmd/validate: Add support for the `-evaluate-datasources` flag to evaluate
     the data sources from a template during validation time.
     [GH-12106](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12106)
     [GH-12106](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12106)
     [GH-12152](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12152)
* core/hcl2: Variable definition files containing unreferenced variable within
     an HCL2 template will no longer warn during build execution. Warnings will
     be displayed to a user during template validation, which can be disabled by
     passing the `-no-warn-undeclared-var` flag to the validate command.
     [GH-12104](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12104)
     [GH-12109](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12109)
* core: Docker images have been updated to include the `xorriso` package for

>      supporting the creation of ISO
>      files.[GH-12081](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12081)

Author: ```suggestion
     supporting the creation of ISO files.[GH-12081](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12081)
```

     [GH-12116](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12116)

### BUG FIXES:
* cmd/init: The init command will try to fallback to the next available version
     for a plugin, if the most recent version is not available or has a missing
     checksum file. This should prevent Packer from trying to install versions
     that have a GitHub tag but no actual assets.
     [GH-12103](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12103)
* cmd/plugins: The `plugins install` sub-command will try to fallback to the
     next available version for a plugin, if the most recent version is not
     available or has a missing checksum file. This should prevent Packer from
     trying to install versions that have a GitHub tag but no actual assets.
     [GH-12103](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12103)
* core: Bump Go version to 1.18.9 to address vulnerability GO-2022-1144, which
     concerns the net/http and golang.org/x/net
     packages.[GH-12153](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12153)
* core: Fix the registration of deleted input artifacts in HCP Packer when
     setting `keep_input_artifacts` to
     false.[GH-11462](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/11967)

> * core: To mitigate against the creation of incomplete HCP Packer iterations
>      the ability to switch between template types during the building of a
>      single iteration will now trigger a runtime build error.
>      [GH-1232](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)

Author: ```suggestion
* core: Using different template types when building a HCP Packer
     image iteration will now trigger a runtime build error due to the 
     mixing of template types.
     [GH-1232](https://github.com/hashicorp/packer/pull/12132)
```
